the great champion Martin when he comes
home to become 2013 version London
Marathon champion and fabulous starts
gonna be just outside 206 forget the
time just admire the quality of the wind
all smiles that's for sure something you
could say of all winners in the world
merit the majors and unofficially that
was nowhere to be seen
Manuel muta remains the course record
holder but the race which appeared to be
in his grasp has slipped away
better wedding than by about 30 seconds
you guessed it pretty much but it was a
big bit margin that at the finish for
these two Ethiopia
takes the win in the men's race I've
shared a dirt hang on for third 2:06 56
unofficially for a shooter
but well-beaten here today by that
storming sirs over the last two or three
miles of kabedon is becoming a bit of a
hallmark fit really is here it's very
very few victims or prisoners in that
last 5k you'd better be on your guard
and he's coming up